okay this is good, now complete whatever things you are yet to finalise for eveything to be fully working and smaooth. google and apple signup/signin. the payment medium. sign up loading, buttons that don't work that are meant to direct you somewhere. payment channel and process(korapay). also not that when they are making payment the checkout will automatically add a 6%fee so if they are depositing 2000naira, they will be paying an extra 120 naira on top as the app charges. so that mean they are sending 2120 naira. fix the whole app to work fine, don't stop until you have carefully gone through all the functionalities of the application. i repeat don't stop until you have carefully gone through all the functionalities of the application. make sure you correct and do everything right

i can't login. ALso note that when they are creating an offer, during the creation process steps, they would have to make a deposit into their account to complete the whole offer creation process, i need you to use korapay for this part, that is how they would make their deposit into the account, and it's the amount they want to give the helper they will have to deposit, so let's say they want to pay N2000naira for a delivery offer, that is the amount they have to send to the korapay checkout redirection page. and the app must have an account management side where they can see eveything about their account and all that, account balance and transaction history. activities history, deposit history, notifcationas and all that


okay this is brilliant. look and see more things you can add and integrate to this application. make it more dense and super professional. the level of flexibility should be very very amazing. make the whole app feel great when users are using the app. Look for mistakes and things to correct, logos, colours, and soo on, i don't want mistakes. also for the urgency levels, and more flexibility, instead of just those three picks make it up to 5 levels of urgency. and also the types of helps, make it more than just those 5, make it more flexible up to 15-17, and also add an option to pick "others" so they can fill in their own category. and Add more filters to the app, not just those few, make it more and more flexible. sevral things to pick from and tweak. and also Also, I want you to add alerts. So, if they want to receive an alert for a particular type of help that is being posted, they should be able to customize the alerts. Okay, I want to receive alerts for this, this, this, this, this type of request. And also, the profile section where they check their reviews and everything should be more sophisticated. They should have the review section, feedback section, you know, just, you know, see the way, you see the way Fiverr account profile section is, the way it's, you know, so detailed, so many things to look at, so many information, you know, that kind of thing. That's the way this one should look. Do you get what I'm saying? So, just go through the whole thing and look at what you could change and what you can correct from the side, from the application. Do you understand? One needs to be fixed, one needs to not be fixed. Just go through it in, like, thoroughly and do the needful.