Ok, so I want you to also, you know, This whole profile page, I want you to change every single thing here in this profile page. And what I want you to do in this profile page is make it more advanced and look more professional. Right now, it's having different icons and emojis, you know, placeholders and whatever that doesn't really make sense. You understand, as an agent of your capabilities, you should be able to, you know, come up with something better. Because everything I'm looking at on the profile page is looking crappy. It's not looking professional at all. And it's not looking, you know, it's not looking good. Do you understand? So I want you to change everything, you understand, make it good and unique. Make every container should hold everything that it needs to hold properly. And do you understand? Nothing should, you know, overlap. No text should be wider than what it should be. Proper resizing, proper scaling, proper whatever, icons and this thing should be properly set. You understand, anything that happens on a profile, when you click a particular link, it should direct you to where that link needs to direct you to. When you try to contact, you try to withdraw, whatever, whatever. Every process should be, you know, properly thought out and, you know, properly done. You understand, the depositing, the bank transfer, hard method, add different method of, you know, depositing and also for withdraw, you know, it's a Nigerian platform. So, you know, let's use Nigerian, you know, withdraw stuff. And you can also add, you know, like this crypto stuff to it, you understand, like the flexibility Solana, BTC, ETH, you know, those type of depositing method and withdraw method, whatever it is. But for the banner side, also change everything and the placeholder or the name of the person should not be, okay, that aside. Okay, now for the menu side, when you click on the profile icon, the profile icon, the drop down that shows you the profile and dashboard option, that area, I want you to fix it. It's not looking professional at all. When you click on the profile, the drop down is meant to, is meant to, is meant to be nice. It's not looking nice at all, you understand, you know, the place where you have profile, dashboard and logout, those three options. I want you to correct it, make it look proper, add a proper icon for dashboard, use proper coloring, use, you know, you know, this flexibility. You can have a little bit of animation there if possible and make sure that every time you are making an edit or making a change or making anything, you make sure you are doing it both for the mobile view and the desktop view. Do you understand what I'm saying? So, okay, let's leave the mobile view or desktop view, but yes, use it for mobile view and desktop view. Do you understand? So, what I want you to do is, I want you to, I want you to also take note of the homepage, you understand, the homepage should, when you see recent requests, recent requests should be showing like any request that comes in right now is what should show like any active request. If the request does not exist, you don't show it in the recent request. Do you understand what I'm trying to tell you? So, everything should just, you know, work fine. You have to, you know, strategically look at everything and correct, make changes, you know, sign in option, sign up option should be having either Google sign up or Apple sign up. Do you understand? Same thing applies for login, you know, Google authentication, sign in, Apple sign in also, you get and yeah, you know, you can just do that. Do you understand? So, yeah, that's basically that's for that. And then also, yeah, the dashboard section, I need you to, you know, improve that dashboard section. The dashboard section is not looking professional at all. So, you need to find something you can reference, you know, something, an existing platform, you understand, or maybe you as an agent of your capability. You should know how a dashboard should look like the containers and, you know, text placements, wordings, and everything in this old dashboard I'm looking at right now is not even looking good at all. So, I need you to correct all of that. Do you understand? So, what you do for me right now is, you know, you tell me everything you understand by what I'm saying. You're not going to do anything yet. You're not going to proceed to do anything. I'm going to tell you when to proceed or when to start. What you need to do for me now is tell me what you understand by this explanation or this old thing I've told you just now. Do you understand? 

So one last thing I want to tell you is for the dashboard section, you know, we have the active request, the messaging, history, and all that. So what I want you to do is, you know, you're going to attend to the active request section. You know, the way it looks, the history, the way the history looks, history should contain everything that happens with that pa